Yo Chenchen, come and meet some bosses
Hahaha, I have looked up to your name for a long time.
long-awaited name
See you today
Really a talented person
Hahaha, Gu Sao is really young and promising.
It was taken by the black gold group again
Be appointed as the president
From now on, we will all take care of Gu Sao
Hahaha Fang family said
Can your daughter grow up to be like this?
It's really enviable, hahahaha.
Well, you've flattered me.
I'm a junior after all
No matter how high you climb
I will need your care in the future
This time Bong Hee
Not only is Mr. Xue, the king of black gold, back
Even the true god behind the black gold group
The mysterious ultimate boss
Will also come
What Mr. Xue already exists in Qingzhou City like a god
I can't imagine how holy his backstage is
There are three guesses among the party
It is also a test drive of one of the three distinguished test drives in Shangjing City
It is the new God Lord in Kamitani
But the North
No matter which one
That's the pinnacle of the prawn pyramid.
If you can gain the trust of this mysterious gift
More than just Qinzhou
You will be the most dazzling new business leader in Great Xia
Hahaha
Brother Shi Chen
You are the only protagonist in this late night
You have to behave well
Sister-in-law, don't worry.
My brother is so good
Must be the most dazzling existence in the audience
Mom is Ye Linghan